fix: update reports docs (#1045)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/Policy Reports/_index.md

weight: 60
---

Policy reports are Kubernetes Custom Resources, generated and managed automatically by Kyverno, which contain the results of applying matching Kubernetes resources to Kyverno ClusterPolicy or Policy resources.
They are created for `validate` and `verifyImages` rules when a resource is matched by one or more rules according to the policy definition.
If resources violate multiple rules, there will be multiple entries.
When resources are deleted, their entry will be removed from the report.

> Reports, therefore, always represent the current state of the cluster and do not record historical information.

Reviewer: No new paragraphs per line, please.

Author: what do you mean ?

Author: It will render on the same line.

Reviewer: I know, but it's written as separate lines.

Author: And it's bad ?

Reviewer: It's mixing authoring styles and produces inconsistency.

Author: Fixing...

For example, if a validate policy in `Audit` mode exists containing a single rule which requires that all resources set the label `team` and a user creates a Pod which does not set the `team` label, Kyverno will allow the Pod's creation but record it as a `fail` result in a policy report due to the Pod being in violation of the policy and rule. Policies configured with `spec.validationFailureAction: Enforce` immediately block violating resources and results will only be reported for `pass` evaluations. Policy reports are an ideal way to observe the impact a Kyverno policy may have in a cluster without causing disruption. The insights gained from these policy reports may be used to provide valuable feedback to both users/developers so they may take appropriate action to bring offending resources into alignment, and to policy authors or cluster operators to help them refine policies prior to changing them to `Enforce` mode. Because reports are decoupled from policies, standard Kubernetes RBAC can then be applied to separate those who can see and manipulate policies from those who can view reports.

> Policy reports are created based on two different triggers: an admission event (a `CREATE`, `UPDATE`, or `DELETE` action performed against a resource) or the result of a background scan discovering existing resources. Policy reports, like Kyverno policies, have both Namespaced and cluster-scoped variants; a `PolicyReport` is a Namespaced resource while a `ClusterPolicyReport` is a cluster-scoped resource. However, unlike `Policy` and `ClusterPolicy` resources, the `PolicyReport` and `ClusterPolicyReport` resources contain results from resources which are at the same scope and _not_ what is determined by the Kyverno policy. For example, a `ClusterPolicy` (a cluster-scoped policy) contains a rule which matches on Pods (a Namespaced resource). Results generated from this policy and rule are written to a `PolicyReport` in the Namespace where the Pod exists.

Reviewer: I'm not clear why you deleted these three sentences. I believe they still apply. Is that not the case?

Author: I only deleted one sentence, it's not relevant anymore as the resource is per resource now.

```

{{% alert title="Tip" color="info" %}}

> Note that the name of the report is mostly random, don't forget to add `-o wide` to  show additional informations that will help identify the resource associated with the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the name of the report is mostly random. Add `-o wide` to  show additional information that will help identify the resource associated with the report.
```

"information" is used in English regardless of singular or plural effects.

Note that the name of the report is mostly random, don't forget to add `-o wide` to  show additional informations that will help identify the resource associated with the report.
{{% /alert %}}

> ## Viewing policy violations

Reviewer: Rather than deleting this section altogether, can you adapt it so that you show the command on how to retrieve failing results from a single PolicyReport? I think that's still really valuable, and I worked hard figuring out how to write that JSONPath pipeline :)

Author: Ok, but just for the sake of your pipeline then....

> For a graphical view of Policy Reports, check out [Policy Reporter](https://github.com/kyverno/policy-reporter#readme).

Reviewer: Do you think the docs would be a better link target?
https://kyverno.github.io/policy-reporter/
